Suggest DEBUG level logging instead for SAML (#74661)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/troubleshooting.asciidoc

*Logging:*

> Very detailed debug logging can be enabled specifically for the SAML realm by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the issue you encounter is not covered in the list above, it might be helpful to enable additional logging for the SAML realm to further troubleshoot the issue. You can enable debug logging by
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this suggestion @jkakavas -- I incorporated a version of that text into my changes.

setting the following transient setting:

[source, shell]
-----------------------------------------------
PUT /_cluster/settings
{
  "transient": {
    "logger.org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml": "debug"
  }
}
-----------------------------------------------

Alternatively, you can add the following lines to the end of the
`log4j2.properties` configuration file in the `ES_PATH_CONF`:

[source,properties]
----------------
logger.saml.name = org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml
logger.saml.level = DEBUG
----------------

> See <<configuring-logging-levels,configuring logging levels>> for more information.

Author: @DaveCTurner Hope this is the right syntax for proper linking 😄
